KEEP LIFE is a Ukrainian development of mobile sliding systems
Deploying the module takes up to 20 minutes
Stabilization supports provide full static stability
Retractable parts increase the working area by 9 square meters
It is possible to change the location in the expanded state
There is a pre-operative shock room in the trailer module
Heterogeneous medical linoleum and high-quality non-toxic PVC are used inside the module
All furniture is made of food grade stainless steel
Еhe modules are equipped with all the necessities according to their purpose
Modules are completely autonomous and can function around the clock
Power supply is provided from an external network, battery or generator